Download Kyma sources (#228)
kyma-incubator/hydroform: parallel-install/README.md

by creating an instance of the `Deployment` struct.

> To do so, provide the `deployment.NewDeployment` function with necessary parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, provide the `deployment.NewDeployment` function with the necessary parameters:
```

| Parameter      | Type                              | Example value | Description                                                                                                                            |
| -------------- | --------------------------------- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | overrides      | `deployment.Overrides{}`          | -             | An instance of `deployment.Overrides` including all overrides which Helm has to consider.                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| overrides      | `deployment.Overrides{}`          | -             | An instance of `deployment.Overrides` including all overrides that Helm must consider.                                              |
```

| processUpdates | `chan<- deployment.ProcessUpdate` | -             | The library caller can pass a channel to retrieve updates of the running installation or uninstallation process.                       |

See all available configuration options for the `config.Config` type:

| Parameter                     | Type                                    | Example value                                                     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| ----------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | WorkersCount                  | `int`                                   | `4`                                                               | Number of parallel workers used for the `deploy` or `uninstall` operation.                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: This looks similar to an alpha command flag. Is this by design or are they related?

Author: the alpha command in the CLI uses the `parallel-install` library in hydroform to deploy `Kyma`

> | CancelTimeout                 | `time.Duration`                         | `900 * time.Second`                                               | Time after which the workers' context is canceled. Pending worker goroutines (if any) may continue if blocked by a Helm client.                                                                                            |

Reviewer: This looks similar to an alpha command flag. Is this by design or are they related?

Author: the alpha command in the CLI uses the `parallel-install` library in hydroform to deploy `Kyma`

> | QuitTimeout                   | `time.Duration`                         | `1200 * time.Second`                                              | Time after which the `deploy` or `uninstall` operation is aborted and returns an error to the user. Worker goroutines may still be working in the background. This value must be greater than the value for CancelTimeout. |

Reviewer: This looks similar to an alpha command flag. Is this by design or are they related?

Author: the alpha command in the CLI uses the `parallel-install` library in hydroform to deploy `Kyma`

> | HelmTimeoutSeconds            | `int`                                   | `360`                                                             | Timeout for the underlying Helm client.                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: This looks similar to an alpha command flag. Is this by design or are they related?

Author: the alpha command in the CLI uses the `parallel-install` library in hydroform to deploy `Kyma`

### Example

To learn how to use the library to deploy Kyma on a Gardener cluster, see this [example](../parallel-install/example/example.go).

## Utility Packages

### Download Package
`download` package allows you to download remote files.

`download.GetFile` downloads a single file and returns the path to the downloaded file. Destination directory will be created if it does not exist.  

> Required parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The required parameters are:
```

Reviewer 2: Please join this phrase with the previous paragraph. Apply in other places as well.

| dstDir    | `string`   | `myWorkspace/files`                                                                                                                                                                      | Path to which the files will be downloaded.                                                                                           |

### Archive Package
`archive` package allows you to decompress `zip` and `tar.gz`/`tgz` files.

`archive.Unzip` decompress a `zip` file, moving all the files and folders within the zip file to an output directory.  
Required parameters:
| Parameter | Type     | Example value                                     | Description                                                                            |
| --------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | src       | `string` | `myWorkspace/files/prometheus-config-updater.zip` | Path to the zip file.                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| src       | `string` | `myWorkspace/files/prometheus-config-updater.zip` | Path to the `zip` file.                                                                  |
```

### Example

To learn how to use the library to deploy Kyma on a Gardener cluster, see this [example](../parallel-install/example/example.go).

## Utility Packages

### Download Package

> `download` package allows you to download remote files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `download` package allows you to download remote files.
```

`download.GetFile` downloads a single file and returns the path to the downloaded file. Destination directory will be created if it does not exist.  
Required parameters:
| Parameter | Type     | Example value                                                                         | Description                                                                                                                       |
| --------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | file      | `string` | `https://storage.googleapis.com/kyma-mps-dev-artifacts/prometheus-config-updater.zip` | A URL or a local path. If it is a URL, file will be downloaded. If it is a local path, file will be checked if it exists locally. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| file      | `string` | `https://storage.googleapis.com/kyma-mps-dev-artifacts/prometheus-config-updater.zip` | A URL or a local path. If it is a URL, the file is downloaded. If it is a local path, there's a check whether the file exists locally. |
```

| dstDir    | `string` | `myWorkspace/files`                                                                   | Path to which the file will be downloaded.                                                                                        |
  

> `download.GetFiles` downloads a list of files and returns the paths to the downloaded files. Destination directory will be created if it does not exist.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`download.GetFiles` downloads a list of files and returns the paths to the downloaded files. If the destination directory does not exist yet, it is created automatically.  
```

Required parameters:
| Parameter | Type       | Example value                                                                                                                                                                            | Description                                                                                                                           |
| --------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | files     | `[]string` | `[]string{"https://storage.googleapis.com/kyma-mps-dev-artifacts/prometheus-config-updater.zip", "https://storage.googleapis.com/kyma-mps-dev-artifacts/avs-bridge-noparent-1.3.5.tgz"}` | A list of URLs or local paths. For each URL, file will be downloaded. For each local path, file will be checked if it exists locally. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files     | `[]string` | `[]string{"https://storage.googleapis.com/kyma-mps-dev-artifacts/prometheus-config-updater.zip", "https://storage.googleapis.com/kyma-mps-dev-artifacts/avs-bridge-noparent-1.3.5.tgz"}` | A list of URLs or local paths. For each URL, the file is downloaded. For each local path, there's a check whether the file exists locally. |
```

> | dstDir    | `string`   | `myWorkspace/files`                                                                                                                                                                      | Path to which the files will be downloaded.                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dstDir    | `string`   | `myWorkspace/files`                                                                                                                                                                      | Path to which the files are downloaded.                                                                                           |
```

### Archive Package

> `archive` package allows you to decompress `zip` and `tar.gz`/`tgz` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `archive` package allows you to decompress `zip` and `tar.gz`/`tgz` files.
```

> `archive.Unzip` decompress a `zip` file, moving all the files and folders within the zip file to an output directory.  

Reviewer 2: Agree :)

> `archive.Unzip` decompress a `zip` file, moving all the files and folders within the zip file to an output directory.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`archive.Unzip` unzips a `zip` file, moving all the files and folders within the zip file to an output directory.  
```

so we go with "unzip"

> `archive.Unzip` decompress a `zip` file, moving all the files and folders within the zip file to an output directory.  

Author: I agreed with Nina to use "extracts"

Required parameters:
| Parameter | Type     | Example value                                     | Description                                                                            |
| --------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| src       | `string` | `myWorkspace/files/prometheus-config-updater.zip` | Path to the zip file.                                                                  |

> | dst       | `string` | `myWorkspace/files/prometheusConfigUpdater`       | Path to the output directory in which files/folders within the zip file will be moved. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dst       | `string` | `myWorkspace/files/prometheusConfigUpdater`       | Path to the output directory in which files/folders within the zip file are moved. |
```

> `archive.Untar` decompress a `tar.gz`/`tgz` file, moving all the files and folders within the `tar.gz`/`tgz` file to an output directory.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`archive.Untar` decompresses a `tar.gz`/`tgz` file, moving all the files and folders within the `tar.gz`/`tgz` file to an output directory.  
```

Author: I will change this also to untars instead of decompresses to be consistent with your other suggestion for having unzips instead of decompresses. Okay?

Author: I will change this also to untars instead of decompresses to be consistent with your other suggestion for having unzips instead of decompresses. Okay?

Author: I agreed with Nina to use "extracts"

Required parameters:
| Parameter | Type     | Example value                                     | Description                                                                                       |
| --------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| src       | `string` | `myWorkspace/files/avs-bridge-noparent-1.3.5.tgz` | Path to the `tar.gz`/`tgz` file.                                                                  |

> | dst       | `string` | `myWorkspace/files/avsBridgeNoparent`             | Path to the output directory in which files/folders within the `tar.gz`/`tgz` file will be moved. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dst       | `string` | `myWorkspace/files/avsBridgeNoparent`             | Path to the output directory in which files/folders within the `tar.gz`/`tgz` file are moved. |
```

### Git Package

> `git` package allows you to clone git repositories.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `git` package allows you to clone git repositories.  
```

`git.CloneRepo` clones a git repository.  
Required parameters:
| Parameter | Type     | Example value                          | Description                                                                                                                                                             |
| --------- | -------- | -------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| url       | `string` | `https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma` | URL to the git repository.                                                                                                                                              |

> | dstPath   | `string` | `myWorkspace/repos/kyma`               | Path to which the repository will be cloned.                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dstPath   | `string` | `myWorkspace/repos/kyma`               | Path to which the repository is cloned.                                                                                                                            |
```

> | rev       | `string` | `master`                               | Revision which is used for checking out the repository. It can be `master`, a release version (e.g. `1.4.1`), a commit hash (e.g. `34edf09a`) or a PR (e.g. `PR-9486`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| rev       | `string` | `master`                               | Revision which is used for checking out the repository. It can be `master`, a release version (e.g. `1.4.1`), a commit hash (e.g. `34edf09a`), or a PR (e.g. `PR-9486`). |
```
